1654 - Fixed async server-side single select was not working with lookup (#1655)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

- `[Datepicker]` Fixed disabled dates example to validate again on disabled dates. ([#1445](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1445))
- `[Dategrid]` Fixed a Date Editor bug when passing a series of zeroes to a datagrid cell with an editable date. ([#1020](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1020))
- `[Icons]` Established missing icon sourcing and sizing consistency from ids-identity icon/svg assets. ([PR#1628](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/pull/1628))

> - `[Lookup]` Fixed a bug when settings async server-side and single select. It was not unselect the previous value. If set the value as pre-selected in markup then lookup modal was keep closing. ([PR#1654](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1654))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Lookup]` Fixed a bug with settings async server-side and single select modes.  The grid was not deselecting the previously-selected value when a new row was clicked.  If the value is pre-selected in the markup, the lookup modal will no longer close prematurely. ([PR#1654](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1654))
```

> - `[Lookup]` Fixed a bug with settings async server-side and single select modes.  The grid was not deselecting the previously-selected value when a new row was clicked.  If the value is pre-selected in the markup, the lookup modal will no longer close prematurely. ([PR#1654](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1654))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `[Lookup]` Fixed a bug with settings: async, server-side, and single select modes.  The grid was not deselecting the previously selected value when a new row was clicked.  If the value is preselected in the markup, the lookup modal will no longer close prematurely. ([PR#1654](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1654))
```
